readme.md, before:

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/dpextras/badge/?version=latest)](http://dpextras.kcomain.dev/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/kcomain/dpextras/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kcomain/dpextras/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)

# dpextras
opinionated discord.py extension containing some utility functions for stuff

Constructive criticisms are welcome :)

Note that this module is not meant for public use and contain tailored features that I deem important to use in my bots.

Somewhat stable code should reside in the `master` branch. The `develop` branch contains code that might break.

I am aware of the millions of other repos that probably do things that I do here already, but I'm the kind of person
that does stupid useless things.

# Installing
This project won't be released on PyPI until it's stable enough. In the meantime, you can install this module from 
source.

Installing with TestPyPI is discouraged.

```shell
# Using testPyPI
pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ dpextras

# Using git+HTTPS
pip install git+https://github.com/kcomain/dpextras

# Using git+SSH
pip install git+ssh://git@github.com/kcomain/dpextras
```

# Contributing
Refer to [contributing.md](./contributing.md)

# Docs
https://dpextras.kcomain.dev

Commit message:

docs: fixed wack formatting, added links

readme.md, after:

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/dpextras/badge/?version=latest)](http://dpextras.kcomain.dev/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/kcomain/dpextras/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kcomain/dpextras/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)

# dpextras
opinionated discord.py extension containing some utility functions for stuff

Constructive criticisms are welcome :)

Note that this module is not meant for public use and contain tailored features that I deem important to use in my bots.

Somewhat stable code should reside in the `master` branch. The `develop` branch contains code that might break.

I am aware of the millions of other repos that probably do things that I do here already, but I'm the kind of person
that does stupid useless things.

## Installing
This project won't be released on PyPI until it's stable enough. In the meantime, you can install this module from 
source.

Installing with TestPyPI is discouraged.

```shell
# Using testPyPI
pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ dpextras

# Using git+HTTPS
pip install git+https://github.com/kcomain/dpextras

# Using git+SSH
pip install git+ssh://git@github.com/kcomain/dpextras
```

## Contributing
Refer to [contributing.md](./contributing.md)

## Docs
https://dpextras.kcomain.dev
<hr>

## Acknowledgments 
*If you have contributed to this project, your name will be added here :)*
